-Okay, you have four more minutes to finish your test.
: Hurry up. -That's impossible!
-No, no, no, no! I'm not even close to being done.
-Well, better get goin'. Oh my gosh. Focus more.
: A couple minutes.
: What?!
-Okay, I'm kidding. Oh my gosh!
You guys are lame! That's so pathetic.
It was a joke. You acted like a bunch of little babies.
Sheila was crying.
You were bawling your eyes out in your head practically.
'Cause she thought, "Oh no, I'm not done my test."
: I hate you!
-Lori, I thought you were going to faint!
Grow up! It's just a test. I might do it again.
You have thirty minutes right now, but that could change at
any time.
Make sure you finish that test Sheila, 'cause I need that for
my answer key.
Okay, back to work. One minute left...
: Too soon. I did it too soon.
Let's just get this done, I'm bored out of my tree right now.
♪ I'm awesome, no you're not dude don't lie ♪
♪ I'm awesome, I'm driving around in my mom's ride ♪
♪ I'm awesome, a quarter of my life gone by ♪
♪ I'm awesome ♪
-Heyyyyy, just the man I was looking for.
-Not you...Chris...Hi!
Here's the...pen you lent me.
-Oh...Thanks. -You're welcome.
Oh Bobbi, m'lady. Almost didn't see you there.
Listen, I'm going to be out of commission this week.
'Cause I gotta get my tonsils out. So I'm not going to be
able to coach my girls volleyball team in the playoffs.
-Well, that doesn't leave me much notice, Simon.
-I only found out this morning. -Take a look at these puppies.
: Yeah. No!
Right in there. Yeah. -Yeah, got it. Thank you.
'Cause I'm tied up
with the rugby team, so...
-Ahhh...
I'll do it. -Perfect, thanks.
-Ahh, because you mess everything up.
: Shut up.
-This team has a chance of winning everything.
And I can't risk you...
-Ruining everything!
-I'm not going to ruin anything. That came out of left field.
Why would you say that: Well, there's
no one else.
-There really isn't, that's the problem.
So, I guess I just have to. -You could ask McNa...
Okay, fine. You can coach this season's playoffs.
But don't read into it. Win or lose...
Does not mean you're coaching next season. Okay?
-You might not be alive next year, so...
-I'm gonna go prepare, thanks.
: Ugh! Seriously. -I don't think he meant that,
Sir...
Siriously didn't mean that.
-Bye! You're a woman.
Chris, could I have that pen please back, ah, for borrowing?
-Hurry up bipedal hominids. You were supposed to be in class
ten seconds ago.
Let's move it, move it! Lucifer...
Late? Unacceptable.
-We don't have enough time in between classes, sir.
I had to use the washroom. -No excuses, Lucy.
It's disrespectful to your teachers...! Ahem! Nahhh.
Do I have to buy you a wrist watch, Ms Corcoran?
-Sorry, it's just that I was on the third floor.
And three minutes between classes, it's just not enough
time.
-Here's an idea!
What if we added an extra minute or two to the breaks?
Oh! Good idea, thank you!
I just had a
great idea.
: Okay. -Why don't you pitch that to
your fellow teachers?
See how that goes over. 'Cause...
-Right. Stupid.
-The good news is, I'm not going to punish you, extremely hard.
And the great news is, I'm going to think about what you said.
Okay -Okay. Yup.
: Come on guys, you can open your books at least!
-Hey, big day Saturday! -Well, true.
Let's not assume we're going to win Thursday.
But we will, you're right. We have a good team.
So, we'll probably cruise through Thursday, get to
Saturday...
-Spike's wedding, jackass. -Ohhhhhhh!
Spike's wedding and I replied yes.
-Yeah, Saturday. -Well, work comes first.
Sorry Spike, can't go.
-That's too bad, man, 'cause Suzie's gonna be there...
And she's back on the market! !
-Thirsty. -Just keep her away from
everybody, okay?
-Yeah, sure. I won't let anyone go near her.
-Yeah.
-I'll be a fence. I'll build a wall. Or, maybe she'll just
hook up with whoever.
: No... -That's how parties work.
-Don't say that. -You should get somebody
to cover for you. -I can't, I said I would do
this. They said "You'll ruin it!"
I said, "I won't ruin it." So, now I can't ruin it.
-That doesn't sound like you. -I got it!
Throw the game Thursday. I'll throw it, I'm the coach.
Done, be there, Saturday.
-I'm remembering it. You said it a second ago.
-I have to put Jordan Steele up on the allergy board.
I just found out he's allergic to shellfish.
-Right, that reminds me, I just found out that I am severely
allergic to soy nuts and almonds.
: You're sorry?
I am a nut lover! -I love nuts too!
-No, no, no, I mean I love nuts.
-Okay, well we need to get your photo and Epipen on the board
asap.
-There's two more nuts that I will no longer have the pleasure
of rolling around my gullet.
-Testicles.
You're a squeamish little one, aren't ya?
: Alright! Come on in girls.
Whoo! I haven't seen some of you in awhile.
You're not in my classes. Some of you were, Hannah!
Had you in grade seven. And then...
I haven't seen you in, like, five years. It's weird you
haven't had one of my classes.
-Yeah... -Thought you left the school.
: Still here, well
that's good.
And Kathy, oh my gosh! You were on my class list this year.
I went to class...I said: "Where's Kathy?"
They said: "Oh she switched out." So...
Almost! Almost had you in my class.
: Mmm...
So many courses you have to choose from.
So...What'd ya take instead? -Oh, free period.
That's not really a... Not really a class.
Okay. Anyway...
Well as you've heard, Mr. Hunt bailed!
'Cause he has a sore throat.
Luckily for you guys, I'm here.
And I have a background in volleyball, ah was gonna
play pro actually...
In Europe.
And then I said... I'll stay in school.
In education. I played with my residence team...
Instead. So! Thursday...
Playoffs. It's a long year.
So if you don't win Thursday, it's not the end of the world.
: Good! That's what
we want...
But if you don't, again, not the end of the world.
-It is to us.
-Tricked you. Tricked you. It is to me too.
So, I'm a hundred percent committed to this team.
I want you to know that. I would say I'm two thousand percent
committed but...
Percent stops at a hundred.
So, whoever the guy was that invented percentage...
Or the woman. Or the woman, 'cause women can invent
things too.
Although it was probably a guy. 'Cause it's math, right?
But let's see what we got. I want to see the starters down
there and the subs down here.
And let's see what I'm working with. Alright!
Good to see you again, Kathy.
: Let's see what I can fix. Alright.
Let's see what we're made of.
: Serve. :Yup. Mine, mine, mine.
: Yeah, right here! :You got two,
you got two!
: Yes! : Ah, hello? Hi, hi!
Sorry, maybe I wasn't clear.
Starters there, subs are down here on this side.
-Okay, you're the subs.
-Uno, dos, tres.
Hit it! ♪ Music starts
"Conga", By: Gloria Estafan.
♪ Come on, shake your body baby, do the conga ♪
♪ I know you can't control yourself any longer ♪
♪ Feel the rhythm of the music getting stronger ♪
♪ Don't you fight it 'til you tried it, do that conga beat ♪
-Okay, that's it guys.
Good hustle.
-I see you.
-I've never felt more alive!
-You've never looked more
on time.
♪ Come on, shake your body baby, do the conga ♪
Yup!
♪ Feel the rhythm of the music getting stronger ♪
-Yup, yup.
♪ ...do the conga beat ♪
-Okay, alright. See, now you ruined it!
-It's a dance!
-You ruined it. -It's a dance!
-Alright, here we go.
-Okay, playoff journey begins now.
Good team over there, so we will not take them lightly today.
-We crushed them at the start of the season, sir.
-So that means they know what we're all about.
So we're gonna mix it up today. Hannah, you're gonna play
middle.
I play libero. Kathy plays middle, you have to be
tall.
-See that's the kind of defeatist attitude I don't
want to hear right now.
'Cause sports is 90% mental.
So up here, you are just as tall as Kathy.
You have to think like that. -I literally can't reach the
top of the net.
-Height doesn't measure heart.
Kathy, ready? Setter!
-I've never set in my life. -I've never done parkour.
Today's a great day for both of us to learn.
Last thing, we serve underhand.
-Sportsmanship. Respect. You just said you killed them
last time you played them.
-You just told us not to take them lightly.
-Trust me. This is a classy move.
-They're expecting us to play intuitively. We're gonna play
counter-intuitively.
It's not supposed to make sense, Miss Negative, today.
I don't know what that's all about.
Alright, bring it in. Let's go.
: One, two... : Xavier.
: Okay, let's keep that energy you have right there.
: Cougars!
-There's the energy. Bring that energy onto the court.
Bring that exact energy you just had onto the court.
: Let's go, Han!
-Come on ref, that was out! -It was clearly in.
-Actually, I agree ref, that looked out from here.
-It was clearly in.
-He said it was out, I said it was out. Pretty sure it's out.
: Really? -I gotta be honest, yes.
-Okay.
-Being honest Hannah. We do not cheat here at Xavier!
We play by the rules. We are honest.
Good eye back there, good eye.
♪ Music ♪
-Here's the photo you asked for. -Oh, good.
: Nothing.
: I mean, look at you! What are you wearing?
This is why I carry a taser!
If there's an emergency we need to be able to recognize you.
I mean, who is this? -Okay, point taken.
How about I dig around and find another photo that's a
little more me?
-Yes, that's a good idea. I mean, you can put that
up in the meantime.
but switch it out when you have one, okay?
This is for your own safety.
-Yeah, you should probably walk faster, for your own safety.
She can hit!
-Coach, time out! -Okay, time out, time out.
: Pft! It's a bit late
for a time out. Ha!
This is my fault. 20-3 and...
Ah, it's 21. 21-3, he missed a point.
Ahhh, I don't know what to say, girls.
I tried you in different positions, it backfired.
I take the blame. I know what I'm doing Saturday.
I'm thinking of the mistakes I made today and I probably won't
sleep.
I hope you sleep Saturday, 'cause I won't.
Stupid idiot.
-Poor guy. -I know, look at him,
he feels terrible.
!
We can still do this, girls.
-But we're way behind. -So, nothing's impossible,
right?
: Yeah! Let's do this. -You're right, one point
at a time.
-Let's do this for Coach! -I'm okay, I've accepted the
fact...
-Serve it up Kathy, you got this. Bring it home for us.
: Ahh, please don't... You really don't...
: Bring it in.
: One, two... : Xavier!
: Cougars!
-Good luck coming back, from 18 points.
-Oh no, we're coming back.
Not expecting anything here Kathy.
That's a lot of points to come back from.
: And miss...No...
:'Atta girl! Nice serve.
: You are a good server, like they said. Ha, she's good!
Not...No!
Okay, yup! Two, that's you again It's goin' to you every
time.
: You are really embarrassing them right now.
: Yeah, Kathy.
-Why don't you try and throw one of those underhand ones
in again?
Way to go two, way to go.
Why doesn't one of you step in and cover for her, just sayin'.
Okay, I'm just trying to help. Just trying to help. I'm just
trying to help them, girls.
♪ Music begins
Warp Formula, by Wordburglar
♪ Music
♪ I ride deep in the stardust blam with a phase ♪
♪ Body of a bull but a man in the face ♪
♪ U
♪ Fly through the night with a ghetto spacecraft ♪
♪ Steez looking fly with the cannons on deck ♪
♪ Green woman high with the hammers get wrecked ♪
♪ On Jupe with my Troops ♪
♪ Rock it on blast leave a Nuke in the booth ♪
: Great game! : Yeah, never seen a
lead blown like that before.
Oh, good job, two. Shanked the ball five hundred times.
Yeah, good job. -Great game, Coach,
what a comeback.
♪ Music
Jordan Steele's having an allergy attack! I need his
EpiPen.
Get out...
What the heck Trudy
-I betcha recognize me now! -Okay, get outta here. Go!
You know that isn't what I meant! Out of my way.
We'll deal with this later, Trudy!
-Come on, Alex. You know you can't handle the Trude.
-Maybe someday. -I'll probably be dead by then.
-Probably. -I like that kid.
-Mr. Malik, I've done it. I've solved school tardiness.
Breaks are now running like a well-oiled machine.
: A pun? I've never had more respect for you.
-Malik is so pleased that you fin...
-Shhh!
The magic is about to begin.
In uno, dos, tres.
♪ Music begins "Conga", by Goria Estafan
♪ I know you can't control yourself any longer ♪
♪ Feel the rhythm of the music getting stronger ♪
-It's working.
-Lucy! Get to class. Lucy!
-That looks fun!
I'm gonna do it.
: What the?
-Ladies and gentlemen!
-Okay joksters, get to class,
please.
: Check it out Robert! We're dancing!
-Miss Corcoran!
What part of you thinks that is acceptable behaviour for a
teacher?
: This is a
place of learning!
-I need this! -Not some wormfest!
What is going on? -It's fun! Living my dreams.
♪ Music continues
♪ Music continues ♪
-Stop twerking! That is not appropriate!
-You're gonna dance yourselves right into a detention!
♪ Music continues ♪
: This dance. She cannot be learned.
-She must be felt.
♪ Don't you worry if you can't dance ♪
♪ Let the music move your feet ♪
♪ It's the rhythm of the island ♪
♪ and like the sugar cane so sweet ♪
: Call it! Come on.
: I can't believe
I'm missing Suzie for this.
-Hey Bill! I'm still here, but I'm trying to get out
of here quickly.
I'm gonna make it over. -I can't hear anything.
But somebody wants to say hi. -Hey Gerry!
: Where are you?
-Coaching. I coach the girls... -I wish you were...
Darrel
: Who's Darrel?
Darrel Bill?
-I can't hear you man, but, I think you're outta luck, bud!
-Well do something! Get her back!
-Larry, Larry... -Bill! Bill!
Ugh!
Gotta win, gotta win, gotta win, gotta win.
But I gotta win quickly. Oh yeah, we gotta speed it up.
Ref, time out.
Quick, quick, quick, quick. Quick, quick, quick.
Look, look, look okay? We're not focused,
we're not focussed at all.
-Sir, you've been on your phone for five minutes now.
-If you were focussed you wouldn't know that, so it
proves my point.
We need to focus, okay? We wanna win and
we wanna win quickly.
We're here, right? So let's win.
We gotta cancel these little stupid huddles you do
after every point.
Who cares? Forget the cheers. Go, go, go, go, go!
Go! Sit down fast! Ref, let's go!
Hey! What happened there
-She's making out with Darrel like the plane's going down.
-Darrel! Suzie!
-I think she still likes you. -Bill, why would you call
me to show me this?
: Bill! Bill!
: Darrel.
Watch the game!
♪ Music
-I'm gonna get to that wedding and I'm gonna punch Darrel
right in the face.
Good luck in the finals.
We just lost.
-If we won we would've had to play in the finals.
To win, you wanted to win. That's why we're here.
-Well, Sandy Soranowsky's parents are out of town
and she's having a huge party next Saturday.
-Hoisted on my own petard.
So, you kind of threw the game on purpose to go to the party.
-Kind of. -Fair enough, okay.
That makes sense.
: See ya later.
-Bill again. Not falling for it. Not answering it.
-What if it's an emergency
though?
What if something happened.
: What if he's
kidnapped, oh my god.
-Can't live with myself if
something happened to my Bill.
Is everything okay, buddy? -I can't really hear you, but
Suzie left with Darrel.
-I figured that might have happened. Thank you for
calling me again.
-And then she came back!
-Well that's perfect! I'll get down there right now.
I'm leaving right now!
-And then she left with this other guy.
-You're an asshole.
What the hell does that mean?
-♪ Gummy worm, from the gummy dirt ♪
♪ It's the gummy worm and it's here ♪
: Oh, good idea!
: Good idea.
: No, I don't think you should have more.
That's some girls volleyball team you have there.
Next time you get your tonsils out, don't call me.
: I'm sorry. I heard you did a really good job.
-Thanks man. -You missed a hell of a wedding
yesterday!
-Yeah, saw the photos. Thanks for the phone calls by the way.
To rub it in my face. -You are welcome.
-No.
: Nope.
: Nope. : You guys go to a
dog wedding yesterday?
-Human man wedding. I want what he has.
-Yup. -You're the best looking
guy in the world.
: See? He likes ya.
: Think I'm smarter than the guy?
: for sure. Yeah.
-Better job, better decision
maker. Better roommates!
-That means, she would have left with me if I was there.
So that's a win.
: Oh, for sure! Yeah. -A win for me.
: Yup, for sure.
: Where was he? -Nebraska.
-He's in corn. -That's awesome news Simon!
: Yeah.
-Just punched in Dad.